


REVOLT OF THE CYBERSLAVES



By Lawrence Dworin



Copyright 1991 by Lawrence Dworin



********************************************
**SHAREWARE**
This book has been electronically published
under the "Shareware" concept. If you read
and enjoy this book, a contribution of $10.00,
or any amount, would be greatly appreciated.
Please send it to to:

Lawrence Dworin
P.O. Box 413
Durand, MI 48429

Your comments, criticisms, and suggestions are
also welcome.
Thank you.
********************************************




CHAPTER1


"Um, It's not exactly what I had in mind!"
Ernie Ross looked ruefully at his imitation fur loincloth and
flimsy plastic broadsword. "Um, I sort of thought...."
The girl behind the counter gave Ernie a sour look. "You
wanted to play the `Goombah the Barbarian' Virtual Reality Game,
right?"
"Uh, yeah," Ernie replied.
The girl examined a sheet of paper, cracking her gum loudly.
"In that case, you have to wear the fur loincloth and carry the
plastic broadsword. It says so right here."
Ernie thought about this. "Well, in the ad it said that
playing the game would be just like being Goombah the Barbarian.
There'd be monsters and wizards and everything, just like the
movie!"
"That's correct," replied the girl. "Here at the Virtual
Arcade, we offer simulated reality games of just about any popular
character or story line. Our huge mainframe computers allow us to
synthesize any reality in amazingly high resolution, allowing us to
believably create stories in which YOU can be the main character.
You can step into the role of a commando, a swashbuckler, a space
traveler, just about anything that any popular movie or book has
featured recently. You can act out the role of your favorite
character, doing anything that character could. You can actually BE
your favorite fictional character! You can live out your fantasies,
for only a few dollars a minute!" She seemed to reading from a
prepared statement.
"Well..." Ernie was still unsure. He had h?"
No answer.
Now Ernie really DID want to go! He began to panic. "Hey,
isn't anybody out there!? WAKE UP!! I don't wanna play anymore! I
wanna go home!" He wailed, "I WANT MY MOMMY!!" Nothing!
"All right, all right, calm down!" Captain Memory tried to
soothe Ernie. "We'll get you out of here! It's just going to
take...a little time!"
Ernie's left arm unfroze convulsively, dumping the little dog
on the floor. It growled unpleasantly. "Why can't you get me out of
here NOW?" he demanded petulantly.
The Captain shrugged. "Hey, I don't run this show! I was lucky
I could even get you away from those creatures! Getting out is
another story altogether!"
"Oh, this is awful!" Ernie wailed. He still wasn't entirely
sure whether this was a game or not, but whatever it was, he didn't
like it anymore!
"Maybe you'd better sit down." Captain Memory moved over to
one side of the sofa. Ernie decided that sitting down was probably
a good idea, and did so. This was beginning to get altogether too
real. "Anyway, it could be worsof Notre Dame', starring Ronald Reagan? You know, the one
about the whale that plays football?"
Ernie sighed. "What's this we're watching now?"
"I don't know." Captain Memory reached for a dial. "Let's turn
up the volume and find out."
The off-camera announcer's voice came blasting out off the
set, painfully loud. "... time for Wheel of Torture! The show which
every week asks the question: How much can you take?"
The sound of applause welled up from the audience.
"And here's our host," the announcer continued. "The Gestapo's
greatest, that famous fiend, Sturmbannfuhrer Dr. Heinz von
Liederkranz!"
Once again the sound of applause welled up. The sound seemed
to be growing impossibly loud. In fact, it seemed to be coming from
all around them.

The game show host smiled and bowed to the audience. "Tank
you, tank you!"
"Now, let's drag in today's first victim!" The announcer
continued. "FromPalo Alto, California, let's have a big
round of applause for: CAPTAIN MEMORY!"
The huge waves of applause filled Ernie's hea
recall where we are, but it doesn't really matter." Captain Memory
was absorbed in looking at the vista of deep space. "After all,
when you wish upon a star, it makes no difference where you are."
Ernie frowned. "Something about that bugs me."
"It doesn't sound quite cricket," agreed Sterno.
"Well, by jiminy," exclaimed the Captain. "We'll just have to
move on to something else. Wanna watch some TV?"
"I'd rather not," said Ernie.
"Aww." Captain Memory was disappointed.
Ernie looked around. "Are we safe here?"
"For the moment," the Captain shrugged. "As I said, we can't
stay anywhere too long. Waldo will zero in on us if we do."
"Then what?" Ernie wanted to know.
"I dunno," the Captain mused. "I suppose he'll come after us."
Ernie frowned. "You mean he'll come in himself, like
personally?"
Captain Memory thought about that. "Well, I don't suppose
he'll come in AS himself. After all, you can be anyone, or
anyTHING, in Cyperspace. He'll come in the form of someone else,
some famous person, or someone he'd like . The place, was, in fact, in dismal shape.
The walls were covered with soot, the furniture was singed. Much of
the furniture was knocked over; some was totally splintered. It
looked rather like a bomb had gone off in the room. Ernie recovered
enough composure to speak. "Why...why are we back here?"
"Oh, I apologize for that,"Captain Memory explained. "I just
couldn't think of anyplace else on such short notice. I should have
known this place would be a mess."
Ernie looked around. "Yeah, this place has really gone to the
dogs." 
"I suppose you think that's funny!" Sterno growled. 
Ernie noticed two piles of burned rags lying near the TV set.
They were still smoldering slightly. He shuddered. He would rather
not think about what might have happened here.
"Well...well," Ernie started again. "How did we get here? That
Nazi said we couldn't escape. He said they controlled all
computation in the sector!"
"That's right, Captain Memory smiled. "We JUMPed to a
different sector!"
Ernie decided to just accept that expllay a trap for you? What possible use could they have for
you if they caught you?"
Ernie shifted back and forth uncomfortably. Suddenly, an
object caught his eye. "Paranoia, huh?" he demanded. "What about
THAT!" He pointed to an object in a dark corner.
Ernie's exclamation was enough to tear Captain Memory's
attention away from his TV Guide. He peered at the object. It was
a box with what appeared to be a lens attached to it. As they
looked at it, it whirred quietly, moving the lens back and forth.
"It's a hidden camera!" Ernie cried triumphantly. "We're being
watched!"
Sterno was nonplussed. "Where did that come from?"
"Well, tear it out, then!" Captain Memory said.
Ernie strode over to the dark corner, grabbed to camera and
yanked it out of it's mounting. He dashed it to the ground, where
it shattered, revealing feebly glowing electronic parts which
slowly, one by one, went out.
"Well, so much for that," Captain Memory returned to the TV
Guide. 
"Is that ALL?!" exclaimed Ernie.
"Well, what else did you wantd about the people watching. Oh, that's it, he thought.
They're all wearing Nazi uniforms.
"I thought you said this couldn't happen," he said to Captain
Memory accusingly. "I thought you said there was a million-to-one
chance of us getting sucked in through a TV again!"
Captain memory shrugged. "So I was wrong," he admitted. "So
sue me!"
The game shoe host turned to the threesome. "Perhaps you vould
like to step through door number three?" the host said to them.
Ernie turned around. A number of very nice prizes were
displayed on the stage: a red sports car, furniture, some shiny new
appliances. Several very attractive women in cut-down outfits were
standing around the stage. Unfortunately, they all carried guns,
which they held trained on Ernie and the others.
Captain Memory was replying to the talk show host, "No, I
don't think we would care to step through door number three. Thanks
just the same."
The talk show host laughed unpleasantly. "I vould strongly
recommend dot you step through door number three!" hkes me." He yawned.
"Well, well, I just don't think it's a good idea, that's all."
"Well, you know how it goes," said Captain Memory jovially.
"It's all just six of one, twelve dozen of another."
Ernie frowned. "I don't think that's right.
"Isn't it? Oh well," said Captain Memory cheerily. "Math was
never one of my strong points. Anyway, no time to worry about that
now. Let's be off, shall we?"He though a moment. "Let's try some
Machine Language: 010F E4 61." The scene vanished.

***

The foursome found themselves standing in the middle of a road
in bright sunlight. Once again, Ernie blinked and staggered, his
stomach doing flip-flops. As his vision cleared, He could see
around him what appeared to be an idyllic country scene. A rustic
rail fence bordered the road. Beyond the fence stood farms,
surrounded by fields full of amber waves of grain. In the distance
stood majestic purple mountains. Ernie turned around. Behind them
lay a broad plain. Ernie was pretty sure there was fruit on it.
"I wonder where we arIt was cool
and dark. It looked like a typical corner bar, with a typical
corner bartender. In one corner behind the bar a TV set was
mounted, but luckily it was turned off. There were few other
customers in the place, but, of course, business was always kind of
slow in the middle of the day. They seated themselves at the bar.
They bartender, a portly, balding man smoking a cigar, came up
to them. "What'll you have?"
"What kind of beer you got?" The Fly wanted to know.
"Deer."
"Deer?" The Fly was puzzled.
"Deer Beer," the bartender stated matter-of-factly. "This is
the Deer Bar, we got Deer Beer. You want it or not?"
"Uh, yeah, okay," the Fly replied, somewhat confused. "Uh,
three Deer Beers."
Ernie looked at the Fly. It occurred to him that no-one around
here seemed at all disturbed by the Fly's looks. That seemed to a
bit odd. He would have expected the Fly to have attracted somewhat
more attention.But then on the other hand, Ernie thought, it
probably didn't mean anything. After all, everything is pretty
s
door. "Got a special delivery letter here!"
Von Liederkranz narrowed his eyes suspiciously. "For who?"
"Is there a `Mr. Ernest Ross' here?" 
"Uh, that's me," Ernie said.
"Here you go!" The mailman handed Ernie a letter.
Everything stopped while Ernie opened the letter. Von
Liederkranz and the Nazis milled about confusedly.
Ernie was totally mystified. Who could be sending him a
letter, here? Nobody knew he was here, and even if they did, why
would they send him a letter here? Ernie tore the letter open and
read.

"Dear Mr. Ross,
We still have not received payment on your outstanding
balance of$195,412,771,213,312,032.29. This account is now two
billion years overdue. Do not force us to turn this matter over to
a collection agency. Send in your payment immediately, before we
are required to take further action.

Sincerely,

First National Bank of the West

P.S. If you have already sent in your payment, please disregard
this notice."
Ernie looked up. Von Liederkranz was watching him very
carefully. Ernie had anowhere near the
Egypt of the Pharaohs. There is no evidence that the phonograph was
ever used in ancient Israel; what's more, they were in an Egyptian-
style case, and bore Egyptian markings. How could they have come to
a cave near the Sea of Galilee?
There is only one way: They must have been brought there, from
Egypt - by the fleeing Israelites! Hieroglyphics prove that the
phonograph was in existence at this time; what would have been more
reasonable than for the fleeing Israelites, taking with them the
treasures of Egypt, to take with them this great treasure?
But what would they have used it for? What else but for the
same use as the Pharaohs, to record and preserve the voice of their
leader, so that his will can be known forever - the voice of Moses!
Yet, if this device, the phonograph, was in the hands of
Moses, wouldn't he have used it to record the things he considered
of greatest importance? In that case, wouldn't he have taken it to
Mount Sinai? Wouldn't he have used it to record - the voice of Goo wait for de show to start again!"
Ricky and Lucy looked quickly around, and then charged off down the
road in the direction of the bank.
The Fly peeked around the corner. "Looks like they're gone."
Ernie frowned. "Are these aliens really that stupid?" he asked
the Captain.
"I'm afraid so," Captain Memory replied.
Ernie frowned. Something about this didn't seem to make sense.
"If they're so stupid, how come they've got interstellar travel,
and blasters, and stuff like that?" he asked pointedly.
"Well, you know, aliens have brother-in-laws, too," Captain
Memory explained.
"Brothers-in-law," Sterno corrected.
"Uh, right," the Captain went on. "Uh, relatives. They have
relatives too. Everybody has relatives."
"So?" Ernie wanted to know.
Captain Memory sighed. "Well, what do you do if your brother-
in-law needs a job, but he's not too, um, bright? I mean, you can't
leave him to starve, right? After all, he's married to your sister.
Okay, so maybe your sister doesn't have real good taste in men,
she's still your ely-appointed modern
bathroom, complete with soap and fresh towels. I'll bet I have time
for a quick shower, he thought. He turned on the shower and let the
water run for a bit. Nice and warm, he thought. Not too hot. Seems
okay. He took off his toreador suit, shaking the dust off each
piece in turn, and got in the shower.
Ernie let the warn water run over him. Well, this is much
better, he thought, relaxing. There was a bottle of shampoo on the
tub shelf. He picked it up and examined it. "Placental Protein
Shampoo". Oh. That was the same kind of shampoo he used at home.
Maybe it would get the dust out of his hair. 
"Watch ouph phrm trmp..." What? Was somebody talking to him?
Ernie couldn't hear over the sound of the shower. He stuck his head
out. "Did you say something?" he called towards the others.
"Yes," answered Captain Memory. "I said: `Watch out for the
trap!'"
"WHAT?!" Ernie leaped out of the shower. He was about to run
into the next room, when suddenly it occurred to him that he was
stark naked and d of Captain Memory's story. "So then what
happened, uh, will happen, uh...so, what about the Eggplant?"
"Well, as I was saying," Captain Memory always enjoyed telling
stories. "It wasn't really a giant Eggplant, it was really just a
big purple balloon. But it looked a lot like a giant eggplant, you
know, big scary face painted on it and all. I suppose, in saner
times, people might have questioned the whole thing a little more
closely. After all, there wasn't really any proof that it was a
giant eggplant. It could have been a giant grape. No reason to nuke
a giant grape, is there?"
"I guess not." Ernie supposed he might as well agree, since he
couldn't think of any reason on Earth to nuke a giant grape.
"But, people just didn't stop and think," the Captain went on.
"They just went ahead and dropped the bomb. And when they found
out, boy, were they mad!" Captain Memory chuckled. "Of course, it
isn't really funny if it doesn't make somebody mad, is it? That's
what practical jokes are all about!"
Captain Memory p they're playing games
with us?" he asked the others.
"Oh NO!" cried the Fly desperately.
"What!?" said Ernie, alarmed.
"I wrote in the space that says `Do Not Write in This Space'",
wailed the Fly.
"Tsk, tsk," said Sterno. "You're in big trouble now!"
Ernie was glad that it was someone other than himself who was
in big trouble, for a change. He looked over at Captain Memory.
The Captain was having a hard time filling out his forms. He
seemed to have gotten stuck. Ernie looked over his shoulder. As a
matter of fact, the Captain seemed to have gotten stuck on the
first space, `NAME:'. "Should I put `Captain Memory' or `Memory,
Captain?'" he mused.
Ernie noticed that the Captain's form was different from his.
Ernie read:

NAME:
RANK:
SERIAL NUMBER:
In twenty-five (25) words or less, explain how you manage to
travel through Cyberspace without stopping at the approprite
checkpoints and/or checksums. Be concise; use specific examples,
and remember, neatness counts!
If you need more room, use a separate sheet.

DO iron door. There was
no other way out of the alley. The sounds of pursuit were close
behind them. Ernie tried the doorknob. It was unlocked. "Quick,
through here!" he shouted.
They four scrambled through the door and slammed it behind
them. Inside it was totally dark. Ernie felt along the doorframe
for a lock. He found one, and locked it. He found another, and
locked that too. There was also a large bolt, and a huge padlock.
He locked those as well. "There," he said. "That should keep them
out. We're safe now!" He breathed a sigh of relief.
"Where are we?" he heard Captain Memory's voice ask. "I can't
see a thing!" 
Ernie inched carefully forward, his hands outstretched, hoping
to find a lamp, or a light switch, or something. Suddenly, from out
of the darkness, a voice rang out. "Ah, how nice of you to return!"
the voice said. "Ve haff been vaiting for you!"
"Uh oh," Ernie began. "I think we're in trouble guys!"
The now-familiar voice of the game-show announcer boomed out.
"You sure are, because it's time forcations,
but do I receive zem? No! YOU get all ze mail! Just last veek I vas
informed dat I may already have won TEN MILLION DOLLARS! Prize
Notification Central is supposed to contact me any day now! But do
I hear from zem? NO! I don't even get ze magazines I order from
zem, either! YOU get all ze mail!" Von Liederkranz raged. "Zis
makes me very angry! For vhich..." He looked quickly around. His
eyes lit on the Fly. "YOU vill pay, schweinhund!" He slapped the
Fly with his riding crop.
"Hey!" the Fly complained. "It's not my fault! Gimme a break,
huh?"
Von Liederkranz smiled evilly. "Vhat vould you like broken?
Heh, heh!"
The Fly frowned. "Hey, guys, we gotta think of some other
phrase to use around here! I don't think it's safe to say `Gimme
a...'" He looked uneasily at von Liederkranz, who was smirking
menacingly. "...uh, to say that thing we just said, you know?"
Ernie opened his letter and read, even though he had a sinking
feeling that he knew what it was going to say. He was right:

"Dear Mr. Ross,
We harom, we grind up animals like
you and feed them to our pet humans!"
Mr. Ed whinnied. "Let's not get personal, now!"
"Hmmph!" Sterno fell silent.
"Well..." said the Fly hesitantly. "I liked the theme song!"
"Thank you," said Mr. Ed. "I'm glad somebody here has some
taste."
"Gee, it's really neat to actually meet Mr. Ed," the Fly
enthused. "You know, I always thought your voice was, like, a
special effect or something."
"A what?" asked the horse.
"You know, like dubbed or something," the Fly explained. "I
mean, I thought you weren't really talking."
"Why would you think a thing like that?" Mr. Ed wondered.
A thought occurred to Ernie. "Say, Mr. Ed," he said to the
horse. "What are you doing in ancient Rome, anyway?"
Mr. Ed tossed his mane. "You know," he said thoughtfully. "I
was just asking myself that very question!"
Ernie narrowed his eyes suspiciously. That didn't seem to be
a very satisfactory answer to him.
"Let's go inside, shall we?" suggested Sterno. "The smoke from
that burning village is bothering myfficult problem.
Ernie examined the machine more closely. There was a lever on
the top which was labelled `Mild' on one side, and `Full' on the
other. He also found a two-position switch on the side. There were
little words printed next to each position. Unfortunately, the ink
had rubbed off of them, and they were very difficult to read. Ernie
peered closely. He wasn't sure, but the positions seemed to be
labelled "Brew" and "Destroy."Ernie sighed. He was rapidly losing
interest in the entire subject. Idly, he flipped the switch.
Instantly, the earth rumbled, the building shook. Ernie
hastily flipped the switch back again.
Sterno turned to Ernie irritatedly. "Who did that? Did you do
that?"
"Uh, yeah, I..."
"Well, you could at least excuse yourself!" Sterno snapped.
"Oh. Sorry." Somehow, Ernie always seemed to wind up feeling
that he was at fault.
Captain Memory was beaming. "Well, that settles that, doesn't
it? It destroys planets! I was right all along! Of course I was!"
Ernie regarded the device ruefully. ing shoulders,
those tender, juicy thighs!"
"Gee, these girls aren't very cute!" said the Fly,
disappointed. "Not like at home!"
"They look positively delicious to me!" commented Mr. Ed.
Ernie looked at Mr. Ed suspiciously. That seemed to him to be
a very strange comment to be coming from a horse. But then, come to
think of it, any comment was strange coming from a horse. 
"You wanna watch something else?" Captain Memory asked the
Fly.
"No, no, that's okay," said the Fly quickly. "I'm sure they'll
get better!"
The pageant continued. "...our next mouth-watering
contestant..." The camera cut to the celebrity judges. They seemed
to be drooling slightly. A little forked tongue seemed to dart in
and out of their mouths. Or maybe it was just a trick of the light.
Ernie felt uneasy. Beauty pageants at home weren't like this. He
decided to try not to look at it. He regarded the horse instead.
There was definitely something peculiar about that horse,
Ernie decided. It seemed to be somewhat lumpy and misshapen. There
sd
tell them?"
Sterno frowned. "You know, I think we should go someplace
else. It's suddenly become awfully boring around here!"
"Nice day for a walk, don't you think?" said Captain Memory,
strolling off towards the yellow brick road. The others followed
quickly.


CHAPTER 7

After a few minutes walking, the four travelers through
Cyberspace began to see an encampment of some kind in the distance.
"What do you suppose that is?" Ernie wondered.
"I dunno," commented Captain Memory. "Want to turn around and
go the other way?"
Ernie thought of Lucy, Ricky, and Vito, all of whom were
somewhere behind them. "No, let's just keep going."
"It doesn't really matter which way we go," commented Sterno.
"After all, all roads lead to Rome."
Ernie thought about that. "It seems to me that would cause a
lot of traffic problems," he said reflectively.
The Fly peered into the distance. "Somebody's coming!"
Ernie started. "Uh oh, what do we do now?" He thought a
moment. "Are they Romans or Huns?"
"How should I know!" The Fly answ he didn't want to see anything
that might make him feel worse.
Attila strode back to his throne, his huge broadsword
dripping bright red blood. "Gee, that was fun!" He sighed. "Well,
I guess I gotta get back to business. Who am I supposed to see
next?"
"Three representatives of the King of the Parthians, your
majesty," an attendant told him.
"Oh yeah? What are their names?"
"Larry, Moe, and Curly," the attendant answered.
Attila thought a moment. "Are they funny?"
"I believe so, sire."
"Well then, let's see 'em!" With that, the foursome found
themselves ushered out of the tent.
The four of them stood outside Attila's tent. "Well, now
what?" The Fly wanted to know.
"That's a good question," Captain Memory began. "Yes sir,
that..."
"Okay, okay," Ernie cut him off. He didn't want to hear that
whole thing all over again. "Let's just get out of here, okay?
Everybody keeps pointing at us and laughing!" Sure enough, as they
looked around, they noticed the passing Huns all pointing the
foursome out to each other and of ze chariot! NOW!" He
pulled an evil-looking weapon out of his toga, and pointed it at
the man in the chariot menacingly.
"Make way! Make way!" the man in the chariot cried out. "I 
have no time to waste! I'm on my way to the chariot races in Rome!"
The man in the chariot looked very familiar to Ernie. Could it
be...Charlton Heston?
"I have no time to vaste, either!" The first Roman fired his
weapon at the man in the chariot, who vanished in a flash of flame.
"Now," he turned to Ernie and the others. "Ve vill take ZIS
chariot, ja?"
"Oh man!" said the Fly mournfully. "They're ruining all my
favorite shows! First Mr. Ed falls apart, and now they disintegrate
Ben-Hur!"
Even Sterno was now beginning to get suspicious. "Say," he
said to the first Roman. "What's your name, anyway?"
"My name?" the first Roman seemed nonplussed. "You vant to
know my name?"
"Yeah!" Ernie picked the question up. "What's your name?"
The first Roman laughed nervously. He elbowed the second Roman
sharply. "Quick!" he whispered. "Vot's ly to me. It
looks like..." He stopped.
"Like what?" Sterno demanded.
"Like...well, well...I don't know what it looks like, but it
doesn't look like Italy."
"It's pointless to argue with me," said Sterno pompously.
"Because I have a classical education and I am, therefore, always
right."
"Aren't there supposed to be, like, grapes, and pizzas, and
people playing those little accordions?" Ernie wondered. No-one
paid any attention to him.
The Fly looked down the road into the valley, and up the road
into the mountains. "Okay, so which way do we go, then?"
"It doesn't matter," said Sterno self-importantly. "`All Roads
Lead to Rome'!"
The Fly started up the road into the mountains. "You guys can
go any way you want," he called back over his shoulder. "But I'm
going this way!"
"Why?" Ernie called after him.
"'Cause then I'll be in Scotland afore ye!" The Fly laughed
and started running. "Last one there is a rotten egg!"
Ernie turned to Captain Memory and Sterno. "Well," he said at
last. "I guess we might as well fo, old man, there are no
cannibals in the deserts of Duzzlebuggy!"
The Fly's antennae drooped disappointedly. "I wanted to hear
about the cannibals!"
"Oh, dear!" The lord seemed quite flustered by all these
interruptions. "Where was I? Ah, yes, there I was, scaling the
mountains of Muffiedump...."
Ernie's mind wandered. He noticed a beautiful silver bell
sitting on an end table next to him. It seemed to be a very unusual
design. It was covered with dozens of tiny pushbuttons, each with
an odd little symbol next to it. Ernie picked it up curiously.
"BONG! BONG!" Loud, synthesized bell-sounds appeared as though
out of nowhere.
Lord Foofaraw looked up in annoyance, stopping his story in
mid-sentence. "I say, my good man! Whatever ARE you doing?"
Ernie looked up disconcertedly. "I...um..it..."The bell
continued to bong loudly.
"How RUDE!" Sterno glared at Ernie.
Ernie examined the bell frantically, trying to figure out how
to turn it off. He could see now that is wasn't a real bell, but
rather an electronic, synthanz glared at them. "Sing!" he commanded. The
Nazi's lined up and formed a chorus line, swaying with the music,
singing off key "...puttink on mein white tie..."
Von Liederkranz attempted to do some slightly more complicated
steps, but succeeded only in knocking over the silver tray, sending
the tea cups and little plastic sandwiches crashing to the ground.
This threw the other Nazi's off their rhythm. Half of them
swayed left, and half swayed right, causing them to violently bump
into each other, knocking some off their feet. Their voices trailed
off.
"Sing!" von Liederkranz commanded ferociously.
The Nazi's resumed singing with feigned enthusiasm. "PUTTINK
ON DER RITZ!!
"I knew it!" the Fly enthused. "I knew it was Fred Astaire!
That means I win, right?"
Von Liederkranz and the Nazis began dancing gracelessly
towards the door that led to the hallway, singing "Dum de dum de
dum dum...." since they couldn't remember the rest of the words. 
"Bravo!" Sterno applauded enthusiastically. "Keep it up,
you're doing trail of isotope tracers from ze radioactive lamb chops leads
right zis vay!"
Ernie pressed his hands to his stomach. "I don't feel good,"
he moaned.
Ernie looked up to find the other three glaring at him. "How
was I to know the lamb chops were radioactive?" he protested
loudly. "Do you think I would have eaten them if I knew?"
"Ssh!" The four heard the voice behind them call out. "I tink
I hear zem!" Ernie quickly put a hand over his mouth.
Up ahead, the bobbing torchlights were weaving ever closer.
The pounding drums and chanting was getting louder. The chanting
had changed now. "Oom alla Boom!" Ernie could hear. "Oom alla
BOOM!" From behind, the searchlights were weaving ever more in
their direction, slowly beginning to focus in on their position.
Ernie whimpered quietly.
"Hey guys, look at this!" the Fly pointed to something in the
darkness. Off to the right, visible only to the Fly's huge insect
eyes, a faint trail split off from the main path. "Let's try this!"
The Fly hurried down the trail. The otherstion on the ceiling of the upside-down space taxi.
Ernie twisted uncomfortably. He was feeling very stiff and
achy after sleeping in an odd position in the car. Thinking about
it, his stomach didn't feel very good, either.
Captain Memory blinked confusedly and looked around. Ralph
yawned. The Captain looked pointedly at Ralph. "Well," he said
unhappily. "I guess there's no getting around it, is there?"
"Oh, no," said Ralph dejectedly.
"You gotta do it," Captain Memory shook his head despondently.
"You're gonna have to call the office."
"Oh MAN!" Ralph didn't seem to like this idea at all. "I hate
calling the office! They always give me a hard time! They'll
probably leave me on hold forever, too!"
Captain Memory shook his head sadly. "It's gotta be done,
Ralph!"
Ralph sighed. "Oh, okay." He reached under the seat and pulled
out what appeared to be a car phone. He picked up the handset and
dialed, looking very glum.
"Hi Stella, it's Ralph." Ernie could only hear Ralph's side of
the conversation. Ralph seemed up can be
just, such a downer! Why don't you like, lighten up a little?"
"Obviously," sniffed Sterno. "We must be in the right place,
because they are, after all, expecting us! How could they be
expecting us if we weren't in the right place?"
"But..." Ernie began. The receptionist interrupted.
"The doctor will see you now." She opened a door to another
room.
"Oh, good!" The Fly was pleased. "You know, I've been having
this pain in my neck..."He began rubbing it vigorously. "Maybe he
can give me something for it!" He strode purposefully through the
door.
Ernie shuffled uncomfortably. "I hate going to the doctor!" 
"Oh, come ON!" Sterno stood impatiently behind Ernie. "Don't
be such a baby about it!"
Ernie sighed, and followed the Fly, accompanied by Sterno and
Captain Memory.
They found themselves in a large room, with a dozen chairs set
in a circle. A few of the chairs were occupied. In one, a fat blond
woman sat, nervously munching something from a bag on her lap. Two
chairs to the left sat a very depressed loe
telling us about your computer hacking activities, ja?"
"I was?" The Captain looked puzzled. "I don't recall that!"
Ernie's eyes narrowed. He didn't recall that, either!
"Ja, ja," the psychiatrist said reassuringly. "Amnesia is a
terrible thing! Ve must begin your therapy right avay!" He pulled
out a gold pocket watch on the end of a long chain, and began
swinging it slowly back and forth in front of Captain Memory.
"Vatch de vatch," he whispered to the Captain. "Now, go back,
back....Vhat do you remember?"
Captain Memory seemed to be completely hypnotized.
"It's...it's so confusing! Images, numbers, it's space...yes,
Cyberspace! And it's all filled with strange images! Games,
pictures, old movies and TV shows! They're all coming at me! All at
the same time! They're filling my head! They're taking over my
brain!!" The Captain was becoming very agitated.
"Relax, calm yourself," the psychiatrist whispered. The
Captain seemed calmer now. "Go back, further back. Vhat do you
see?"
The Captain seemed to be in a dthat's over! That was awful!"
The Fly peered at Captain Memory curiously. "That stuff he was
saying, was it true? I mean, like, about your mother and
everything?"
The Captain looked puzzled. "Um, actually, I can't quite
recall. But if it had been, it would have been pretty awful,
wouldn't it?"
"Wow," said the Fly in agreement. He thought a moment. "And
what about that stuff about being totally inad..."
"I don't want to talk about it!" The Captain cut him off
irritatedly.
Ernie looked up, and once again beheld the majesty of the
Pyramids in the distance. They looked a lot newer than he
remembered them. "Wow!" he breathed. "We must be in Ancient Egypt,
right?"
Captain Memory looked perplexed. "Um, well, I could be wrong,
but I think we're on a beach in New Jersey!"
"Ah, well," Sterno chimed in, still sifting through the sand.
"That explains all these cigarette butts and ring-pull tabs."
Ernie stared at him. "What are you doing?"
"I seem to have dropped my lighter," Sterno explained. "You
haven't seen it, have y he couldn't see the bottom.
Ernie felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned. The Fly was
pointing at the opposite wall of the tomb, and saying something,
but Ernie couldn't make out what. Although the music had stopped
when the Victrola was destroyed, Ernie's ears were still ringing so
badly that he couldn't hear a thing. 
Looking at the wall, Ernie guessed what the problem was.
Without the other side of the tomb to hold it up, the huge stone
wall was swaying. It looked as though it might crush them at any
moment.
Without thinking, Ernie aimed the coffee maker at the wall,
and flipped on the power switch. This time, his ears were just
barely recovered enough to hear the tremendous roar as the Psion
Megaforce Generator destroyed the other wall, and everything else,
for as far as the eye could see.
As the dust cleared, Ernie could see that where the opposite
wall had been, there was now what seemed to be a bottomless,
measureless chasm. On that side, too, there was a steep drop, as
though they were standing on the, Pa 16511

len101@psuvm.psu.edu
The following is a ST:TNG universe story, all rights reserved.
Permission is granted to copy and distribute to anybody
free of charge.If anybody includes in in a Fanzine or anything,
just let me know and send me a copy.and of course always include
this header or a better version of it :)

Standard disclaimers apply,
All Poetry taken from the _Collected Works of Robert Service_
without permission but great respect

Larry
---------
Lawrence Nagy
1160 Boyer Rd
Erie PA 16511


as always, any feedback, comments, discussion, money, uncancled non-US
postage stamps are always welcome and appreciated.


T H EV I G I L A N T E

I

"The Drawing"



Have ever you heard of the Land of Beyond,
That dreams at the gates of the day?
Alluring it lies at the skirts of the skies,
and ever so far away;
Alluring it calls: O ye the yoke galls,
and ye of the trail overfond,
With saddle and pack, by paddle and track,
Let's go to the land of beyond!
....
Robert Service
"THE LAND OF BEYOND"






The Taew batch of I.D. cards, the transporter pad
she was just on hummed with new arrivals.Many people would
have thought Captain Anthony rude with them or at least curt.
Not Tarva, her only impression was that this man was
extremely busy.
Too much was happening around Tarva for her to fully
appreciate it.Workers in different styles of the white
coveralls worked all around, bunches of optical cord hung
from open ceiling panels, sparks flew from welding
torches..still under construction was an understatement.
Tarva also thought of the captain's order, to report to
him as soon as she was 'settled'.She wasn't quite sure how
soon this man expected her, she'd just have to do things one
at a time.The first would be to unpack then find her way
back to the transporter room.She still couldn't help
wondering what the Captain wanted with her, perhaps he had an
assignment for her.It would have to be important to signal
her out, perhaps Chief of Security.This wasn't too much to
expect since she was Chief of Security on the Ecliimes."
"This is a great step forward", Dolittel said "you've got
the largest transporter room mockup I've ever seen".
"The next supply ship should have the parts we need to
get all three transporter rooms working properly." Doctor
Cembera said ignoring Dolittel's comment's "The technology is
so new, it's taking quite a while to get the chips made."
"Then how in the world did you get these two pads to work
if your still waiting on the chips?."
"I had to make my own chips,"
"That's probably what failed." Dolittel muttered.
"and is why we only have two pads working." she said
still ignoring his comments."It was a long and exhausting
job, I can only guess that something came loose." Doctor
Cembera crawled under the pad and disappeared into the
workings.
She soon emerged from under the pad and handed Dolittel a
blackened, fist-sized component."Both pads were down, so I
figured it had to be power related since they each run on
their own computer circuitry." She said as she reached into a
panel that opened from a near ship though, a small older style saucer section dwarfed
by four new Galaxy style warp engines.The saucer was
attached directly to a bulbous main body without the usual
neck lifting it away.The impulse engines appeared to be
raised up from the main body just behind the saucer.
There were other things wrong, the color wasn't the
standard star fleet white, it was more of a dull gray.There
was no name or number designation anywhere to be seen and she
had a clear view of the top of the saucer section.There
were other anomalies: antenna pods, miss placed orifices etc.
that were not indicative of either the old style saucer or
the new style engines or anything else for that matter.
"What is it?" she asked the man now standing next to her
also admiring the ship.
"She's called the U.S.S. Vigilante" he said.
"What kind of name for a star ship is that?" she asked
not really expecting an answer.
"Don't ask me," he said "all I do is work on
transporters".
"I hope you weren't running the transporter last time."
she saidrefitted the ship
with new technology from the material used in the hull to the
drive systems.
"I'll start with the hull, the original 'skin' of all
components was removed and replaced with a new composite
material.This material is much less penetrable and
detectable by all known or encountered scanning devices.
This makes us virtually invisible on long range scanners and
appear much smaller to closer range sensors.Windows however
can not be made of the new material so all windows have been
fitted with old style blast shields.If power to the main
deflectors is ever lost windows without the blast shields
would be extremely vulnerable to detection.
"It is a known fact that Star Fleet has a policy against
the use of cloaking devices on its ships.This policy does
not, however, preclude the research in cloaking technology.
The main goal in cloaking research has been to develop
adequate detection of cloaked ships.This research added to
what we have learned from the Klingons I believe has created
the most sophisticato drop into space over the
space dock.It was then maneuvered into its place in the top
of the framing directly over the Vigilante.
Picback and O'Malley had been gone just over two days and
four hours when they maneuvered their ship into the shuttle
bay.As soon as the ship came to rest, the airlock door flew
open and Picback jumped down, fell to his knees and kissed
the deck.A man in a black crew uniform stood at a nearby
control console watching the scene and looked at Picback as
he walked by.
"Don't ever, ever put me in a ship with her again. She
was doing barrel rolls on our way in." Picback said to the
shuttle bay chief as he passed.
Shuttle bay Chief Taragoma then watched Ensign O'Malley
ride the slowly descending Drop Ship stairs as they lowered
into place.Her combed back short red hair was slightly
messed from the long trip and she carried her uniform jacket
casually over one shoulder.As she walked up to him, she put
her jacket on and fastened it properly.When she reached him
she handed him the ships lthe rest of
her uniform and placed them in a locker.
While she was doing this Captain Anthony asked "What is
the handle made of?""
Tarva hesitated, this Simtar was old enough to be from
the era when Klingon bone was used.She knew, however, that
it would be best not to let this get around."The handles
have been made from many differant materials through the
years."Tarva finally responded.
"Was it difficult to find?"Anthony continued.
"Actually, Sir," Tarva said "this Simtar was given to my
father by my mother, when she asked him to be her mate.I
inherited both of their Simtars after their bodies were
recovered."
"I'm sorry," Anthony said "I didn't realize. I shouldn't
have brought it up."
Tarva stood up straight, looked at her Captain through
her helmet and said proudly "It is a great honor on Kalon for
mates to die together in battle."
Captain Anthony knew he was digging himself into a hole
so he merely secured his gloves gave her a brief salute and
motioned her toward the air lock.
At the air lock door, theye Commander Tarva
had approached him about his position.She said that she knew
that he was much more qualified for First Officer.The Captain,
however, was under the impression that he had no aspiration for
a higher position and would much prefer Chief of Security.If
the Captain were mistaken, Commander Tarva said that she would
talk to him about correcting the error.Norton had no desire
for any higher command position, his goals were different than
most Star Fleet officers.

"Sir," Commander Norton said when Tarva arrived "My crew has
begun assembling the first pressure suits."
"Very good, Commander." Tarva said "Lets have a look".
When they entered the cargo bay, they found it filled with
shipping containers.Several stood open while black uniformed
security and engineering crew pieced together several pressure
suits.
The suits like all other aspects of the ship had an
unfamiliar design.Instead of the standard ribbed design they
had flat almost armor like panels on the chest and back.All
panels were solid ins all
gray.
After the destruction of the Nielsen, Captain Robert Anthony
lost all desire to have anything to do with Star Fleet.He
moved to the pioneer planet, Infiniti West and settled down to a
life of isolation.
Infiniti West was a colony planet with an environment
similar to earth.During the early days of colonization,
Infiniti West was settled by a group that spurned all
technology.Their goal was to establish a colony based on the
pioneer life style of 18th century North America.Infiniti
West's varied climates made it ideal for adventurers.From
seemingly endless tracks of ancient forests to expansive hostile
deserts to mountain ranges that made anything on Earth look
puny.Infiniti West had something for everyone.
There was a small Star Fleet station in orbit and some
inconspicuous forts, that helped control visitors to the planet.
Their main function was as base stations for scientists studying
Infiniti West's immense ecology.
Robert Anthony lived in a small stone dwelling he found in
the high mountain re week
five days."
"Engineering, what is the estimated time for repairs and
corrections to warp coil?"
"We should be able to do it in three days." was Dolittel's
reply.
Anthony thought for a bit and said to his first officer "If
we commence with these repairs we're going to need some place to
hide.We don't want to be hanging in the middle of Romulan
territory with all systems off line.No matter how well our
hull protects us from sensors."
"Agreed, Sir, What do you have in mind." Tarva Said.
"Since the Romulans may have detected our worm hole this may
not be the best place to hang out.Ensign O'Malley is there an
uninhabited star system in this area?"
"Sir, sensors show two systems in this sector, our records
of Romulan space are not detailed enough to give specific
habitation information.One system, however, is a red dwarf
star and it is very unlikely there would be any colonies there
but there may be a science outpost."
"Set course for the red dwarf system"
"Course plotted and set" O'Malley said immediately.
"screen.
The crew of the Vigilante began a long wait.They took
their places in the Rough Duty chairs.All accept essential
activity was curtailed.
Many automatic systems were discontinued or limited.The
Turbo lifts ran at one quarter speed unless an emergency over
ride was issued.Most important, however, was that the life
support circulation systems were also limited.
When the Vigilante's orbit took it to the night side of the
planet the temperature dropped to an unusual and generally
uncomfortable 5 degrees Celsius.On the day side the
temperature rose some what but the hull construction didn't
allow much solar energy to penetrate.Temperature changes were
expected so all Rough Duty seats were temperature controllable
but it didn't help much.
Engineering continued their repairs but at a much slower
pace.Noises from any accidents may be picked up by the Romulan
ship, especially if it was a research vessel with hypersensitive
scanners.
The arms holding the warp drives did not have artificial
gravity.The engineers gan to reform around the front of the ship as the tail
finished uncloaking.At no time, was there a frame that showed
the ship totally uncloaked.
The Communications officer then said "I can overlay all
frames and get a complete picture of the craft."He pushed a
few more buttons and a complete picture of the mysterious ship
appeared on the screen.In front of it was a stream of
torpedoes caused be the overlaying of the frames.
The ship was a dull gray color.It had a stub nose with
bridge obviously the top half and weapons appeared to fill the
bottom half.The body was wide and boxy with a single access
door on the side.The back lifted above the box with what was
obviously the drives.Missing, were the standard warp drive
pods sticking away from the body.
"No warp drives." The Commander said.
"Were did it come from, if it doesn't have warp drives?"
someone asked.
"A mother ship." The Centurian answered.
"Do you know what it is?" the Commander asked the Centurian.
"My best guess, would be what we used to call a 'perg."
Now it was time for the Klingon to laugh "I find it
distasteful enough to serve next to a Kalonian, I would sooner
die than serve under one."
"Like I said, that could be arranged."
At that the Klingon growled and advanced toward the Kalonian
who did the same.Before they came to blows they heard someone
holler to them.It was the Enterprise's resident Klingon.
"It is time to go." he said shutting off the force field.
He than threw them their bags, already packed."Come with me,
you can take this up at you new assignment."Worf turned and
walked out of the detention area.
"You have trained together for many months," Worf said to
the pair as they followed him down the corridor. "I would think
that these differences would have been worked out by now."
"We trained in different teams." the Kalonian said.
The Klingon, like most, tried his best to ignore this
Federation fool.
Worf lead them to a cargo bay which was filled with many
more all wearing the same black uniform.The group was
comprised of a number of differces you in the official emergency chain of
command.You are now fifth in command of the Vigilante."
With this announcement the Captain and Commander Norton
stood and offered their hands in congratulations.They then
announced that they had business elsewhere and dismissed
themselves.
Commander Tarva motioned for Kartang to sit back down."We
have some more business to attend to." She said.
Kartang sat down and wiped away some saliva caused by the
wires in his mouth.Kartang struggled to contain his animosity
toward Tarva.Earlier it was easy with the other two in the
room, it was difficult with her sitting less then a meter across
the table from him.He had not yet said a word, he was very
conscious of his mouth full of hardware.
"Now for the chain of command, if your going to be in it you
had better know it.You will report directly to Commander
Norton who is actually third in command to myself.The officer
who is fourth in command is Commander Dolittel, Chief of
Engineering.This chain is implemented in emergency onpe this will make them
better pilots."
Kartang looked at the pressure suited warriors.These were
true warriors.He had trained with them, he knew they would
perform well when called upon.The armor he envied to no end.
If he had anything like it when he commanded his ten crew ship
they would have been indestructible.
Kartang sat strapped in the pilot's seat he turned and
looked his copilot.To signal he was ready, he dropped the face
shield on his helmet, she did likewise.
As official copilot, it was O'Malley's duty to call for
clearance.Numbers appeared on the wall above the door over
their runway.A red light bar on the door above their run way
turned yellow when the numbers started counting down.When they
reached 0 the light would turn green and they would launch.
Everything was timed with the Vigilante's orbit designed for
them to land in the designated spot in the minimum amount of
time.
The light turned yellow and the numbers seemed to count down
very slowly.When the numbers reached the end an alarm soundedscended ever
closer.
"E T A 2 minutes" Valerta said obviously shaking.
"This is going to be a tough one" Golta commented.
"I'll do it." Valerta said confidently though still shaking.
"Maybe they should have beamed us out." one of the team
said.
"That would defeat the whole point of the exercise." said
Whitecloud.She had lead and coordinated the whole mission, she
wasn't about to let her first chance at leadership be
anti-climaxed by a beam out.
The drop ship landed hard next to the beacon.They could
hear a thump through the storm and filters in the helmets.A
large cloud of yellow dust was thrown up around the ship.EVE
allowed the team to see that the ship appeared to be intact but
they weren't sure.Procedure dictated that they keep their
distance until they were sure the ship was safe.
A minute after landing they saw the back door drop open and
heard Valerta yelling "Lets go, I don't have all day, move,
move, move."
The team immediately began to move as quickly as they could
to the drop ship.Valerta kept the ent
thought that if you are not going to live a traditional
lifestyle, why live on the reservation.
"My parents, in fact my tribe, was obsessed with returning
to the ancient way of life.It was decided that it was
impossible to do on Earth.That the land was not suited for
people to be living off of it with out also depending on the
modern world.As a people, they decided to look else where for
a place to colonize in a 'traditional Native American culture'.
"The tribe applied to the Infiniti West Corporation for a
land grant.Since we were the first large traditional group to
apply to the I.W.C. for colonization we were granted a very
generous portion.In order to pay for transportation the tribe
sold it's lands and boarded a colony ship for Infiniti West.I
was two years old when we walked off our ancestral land for the
last time.My mother told me that ...."

....A darkly tanned teenage girl rode a tall brown horse
across an endless prairie.She rode bare back accept for the
bedroll and other camping supplies strapand suits it
is impossible to tell.Sir, request permission to launch a
rescue mission!"
"How many unaccounted for?"
"Two pilots and a full sixteen member landing team."
"Sir," O'Malley Interrupted "The ship has increased to full
impulse and has a projected course to enter our exact orbit.
New ETA five minutes."
"They have concentrated full scanner activity on the area of
the crash site."Norton added.
Anthony swung his command chair around to get a full look at
his bridge crew.All, like himself, were strapped into their
duty chairs in preparation for silent running."Mr. Norton,
initiate silent running.Mr. Kartang, permission denied, send a
message to any survivors to hang tight we'll come get them as
soon as possible.Helm take us to an opposite geo-synchronous
orbit, maybe we can repeat that incident with the Raptor."
The Vigilante adjusted it's current geo-synchronous orbit
over their training area to one directly on the opposite side of
the planet.The movement was so smooth it was not perceptible
to any of t enough." Commander Assali said coolly.
"We need to exercise utmost caution. We have been abducted
by an unknown force.This clearly constitutes a hostile act.
If these were Star Fleet officers, they sure as HELL wouldn't
treat other officers in such a manner.I suggest we make mental
preparations for becoming hostages... That 'Commander Norton',
looked suspiciously Romulan to me..."

The storm had left them quite grimy even under the
environment suits so they were taking turns using the head.
Midshipman Albert came walking out freshly showered.The two
officers were too busy planning to get cleaned up so he had
taken the first shift in the shower, it did feel good.Since
his uniform had gotten quite dirty, he ordered a fresh one from
the replicator.Before putting it on he took some time to look
through the drawers near the replicator.
"Sirs, you might want to see this." he pulled out a
laminated card that was stuck in the back of one of the draws.

Welcome aboard the U.S.S. Vigilante.

--- There will be a mandat--------

"One thing still puzzles me.." Assali said to Anthony as
they entered the turbo-lift to the bridge.
"What's that?BRIDGE" Captain Anthony stood in a casual at
ease posture.
Assali's knees buckled slightly from the extreme
acceleration of the lift."I've been trying to figure out why
none of our sensors spotted your ship and why we had such a hard
time zeroing in on your crew."
"Mr Assali," Anthony said in mock shock."Like we've said,
this is a secret project it wouldn't do us any good if any
passing Star Ship could see us, Would it?"The door to the
turbo lift opened and Assali and Anthony stepped onto the
bridge.
On the main screen was the image of the Delphi.The
Vigilante had come up behind and above it.The angle and the
distance made the single warp drive ship seem extremely small.
"My God," Assali said "you're cloaked, aren't you?."
Anthony smiled "Yea, I suppose we are.Ensign O'Malley
report."
"Sir, the Delphi has maintained its shields and appears to
be preparing to leave orbit."
"If they leave o.I think, however, that it wouldn't be prudent
to just pull them out."
"Agreed, what's the Delphi's Transporter activity been
like?"
"There's been some activity but there hasn't been any way to
tell if any of our crew but Valerta and Galleran are still on
the ship." Swanson replied.
Tarva said "I'll go to Star Base and try to contact Captain
Malory from there."
She then stepped onto the front of the large pad.As she
stepped up, she noticed the pad had a slightly different tint to
it then the rest.It was the pad destroyed by the accident that
killed Ensign Shertz.Tarva was tempted to step to an adjoining
pad, but didn't."When ever your ready, Chief."
"Waiting for an opening, Sir" Swanson said as she watched
her scanner. "Energizing"
The scene around Tarva shifted and was replaced by a hallway
on Star Base 89.She immediately started walking as if she was
going somewhere.It would take her a moment or two to get her
bearings but she didn't want to look out of place.
Tarva had been to Star Base 89 and knew where srs ..."
"I thought there were six survivors?" Tarva said concerned.
"Oh yes, the Vulcan S'Turlek, did not survive his injuries."
Tarva was quiet for a few moments "Let me lay this on the
table.We have to get this taken care of.Not only do we want
to get both crews back to were they're suppose to be, but we
also need to adjust ship's logs to erase all data collected."
"Now wait a minute, your asking me to forge my logs on your
word?"Malory was quite serious "I'm sorry, Sashon, but I can't
do that, on what little you've given me."
Tarva said"We knew that this would be your response so
we've arranged to give you more then my word."She then stood
and pulled out a large old style communicator from under the
back of her uniform.She flipped it open and said "Have you
made arrangements with Commander Shelby?"
Malory shuddered, if Commander Shelby is involved in this,
it must have something to do with the Borg.If that's true,
it's no wonder they have such tight security.
Tarva listened to the response on the communica the press, and apt not only to interpret, but to punish every
thing which looked like an innuendo (as I think you called it). But
pray, how could that which I spoke so many years ago, and at about
five thousand leagues distance, in another reign, be applied to any of
the Yahoos who now are said to govern the herd; especially at a time
when I little thought on or feared the unhappiness of living under
them? Have not I the most reason to complain, when I see these very
Yahoos carried by Houyhnhnms in a vehicle, as if these were brutes,
and those the rational creatures? And indeed, to avoid so monstrous
and detestable a sight was one principal motive of my retirement
hither.
Thus much I thought proper to tell you in relation to yourself,
and to the trust I reposed in you.
I do in the next place complain of my own great want of judgement,
in being prevailed upon by the entreaties and false reasonings of
you and some others, very much against my own opinion, to suffer my
travels to be published. Pray bring to youo inches. But the
creatures ran off a second time, before I could seize them;
whereupon there was a great shout in a very shrill accent, and after
it ceased, I heard one of them cry aloud, Tolgo phonac; when in an
instant I felt above a hundred arrows discharged on my left hand,
which pricked me like so many needles; and besides they shot another
flight into the air, as we do bombs in Europe, whereof many, I
suppose, fell on my body (though I felt them not) and some on my face,
which I immediately covered with my left hand. When this shower of
arrows was over, I fell a groaning with grief and pain, and then
striving again to get loose, they discharged another volley larger
than the first, and some of them attempted with spears to stick me
in the sides; but, by good luck, I had on me a buff jerkin, which they
could not pierce. I thought it the most prudent method to lie still,
and my design was to continue so till night, when, my left hand
being already loose, I could easily free myself: and as for the
inhabit, while his Majesty had time to dismount.
When he alighted, he surveyed me round with great admiration, but kept
without the length of my chain. He ordered his cooks and butlers,
who were already prepared, to give me victuals and drink, which they
pushed forward in a sort of vehicle upon wheels till I could reach
them. I took these vehicles, and soon emptied them all; twenty of them
were filled with meat, and ten with liquor; each of the former
afforded me two or three good mouthfuls, and I emptied the liquor of
ten vessels, which was contained in earthen vials, into one vehicle,
drinking it off at a draught; and so I did with the rest. The Empress,
and young Princes of the blood, of both sexes, attended by many
ladies, sat at some distance in their chairs; but upon the accident
that happened to the Emperor's horse, they alighted, and came near his
person, which I am now going to describe. He is taller by almost the
breadth of my nail than any of his court, which alone is enough to
strike an awe into the behospark, and blow up his imperial palace into the air.
I likewise delivered up my watch, which the Emperor was very curious
to see, and commanded two of his tallest yeomen of the guards to
bear it on a pole upon their shoulders, as draymen in England do a
barrel of ale. He was amazed at the continual noise it made, and the
motion of the minute-hand, which he could easily discern; for their
sight is much more acute than ours; and asked the opinions of his
learned men about him, which were various and remote, as the reader
may well imagine without my repeating; although indeed I could not
very perfectly understand them. I then gave up my silver and copper
money, my purse with nine large pieces of gold, and some smaller ones;
my knife and razor, my comb and silver snuff-box, my handkerchief and
journal-book. My scimitar, pistols, and pouch, were conveyed in
carriages to his Majesty's stores; but the rest of my goods were
returned me.
I had, as I before observed, one private pocket which escaped
their search, whereto fix on that
determinate number, he told me that his Majesty's mathematicians,
having taken the height of my body by the help of a quadrant, and
finding it to exceed theirs in the proportion of twelve to one, they
concluded from the similarity of their bodies, that mine must
contain at least 1,728 of theirs, and consequently would require as
much food as was necessary to support that number of Lilliputians.
By which the reader may conceive an idea of the ingenuity of that
people, as well as the prudent and exact economy of so great a prince.

P_1|CH_4
CHAPTER IV
-
The first request I made after I had obtained my liberty, was,
that I might have license to see Mildendo, the metropolis, which the
Emperor easily granted me, but with a special charge to do no hurt
either to the inhabitants or their houses. The people had notice by
proclamation of my design to visit the town. The wall which
encompassed it is two feet and a half high, and at least eleven inches
broad, so that a coach and horses may be driven very in the sole monarch of the
whole world. But I endeavored to divert him from this design, by
many arguments drawn from the topics of policy as well as justice; and
I plainly protested, that I would never be an instrument of bringing a
free and brave people into slavery. And when the matter was debated in
council, the wisest part of the ministry were of my opinion.
This open bold declaration of mine was so opposite to the schemes
and politics of his Imperial Majesty, that he could never forgive
it; he mentioned it in a very artful manner at council, where I was
told that some of the wisest appeared, at least by their silence, to
be of my opinion; but others, who were my secret enemies, could not
forbear some expressions, which by a side-wind reflected on me. And
from this time began an intrigue between his Majesty and a junto of
ministers maliciously bent against me, which broke out in less than
two months, and had like to have ended in my utter destruction. Of
so little weight are the greatest services to prin time they are supposed to have some rudiments
of docility. These schools are of several kinds, suited to different
qualities, and to both sexes. They have certain professors well
skilled in preparing children for such a condition of life as befits
the rank of their parents, and their own capacities as well as
inclinations. I shall say something of the male nurseries, and then of
the female.
The nurseries for males of noble or eminent birth are provided
with grave and learned professors, and their several deputies. The
clothes and food of the children are plain and simple. They are bred
up in the principles of honor, justice, courage, modesty, clemency,
religion, and love of their country; they are always employed in
some business, except in the times of eating and sleeping, which are
very short, and two hours for diversions, consisting of bodily
exercises. They are dressed by men till four years of age, and then
are obliged to dress themselves, although their quality be ever so
great; and the women attendant and in open war against his said
Majesty.
-
{P_1|CH_7 ^paragraph 20}
ARTICLE IV.
That the said Quinbus Flestrin, contrary to the duty of a faithful
subject, is now preparing to make a voyage to the court and empire
of Blefuscu, for which he had received only verbal license from his
Imperial Majesty; and under color of the said license, doth falsely
and traitorously intend to take the said voyage, and hereby to aid,
comfort, and abet the Emperor of Blefuscu, so late an enemy, and in
open war with his Imperial Majesty aforesaid.
-
There are some other articles, but these are the most important,
of which I have read you an abstract.
In the several debates upon this impeachment, it must be confessed
that his Majesty gave many marks of his great lenity, often urging the
services you had done him, and endeavoring to extenuate your crimes.
The Treasurer and Admiral insisted that you should be put to the
most painful and ignominious death, by setting fire on your house at
night, and the General was to attend with twer the envoy returned to Lilliput, and the monarch
of Blefuscu related to me all that had past, offering me at the same
time (but under the strictest confidence) his gracious protection,
if I would continue in his service; wherein although I believed him
sincere, yet I resolved never more to put any confidence in princes or
ministers, where I could possibly avoid it; and therefore, with all
due acknowledgements for his favorable intentions, I humbly begged
to be excused. I told him that since fortune, whether good or evil,
had thrown a vessel in my way, I was resolved to venture myself in the
ocean, rather than be an occasion of difference between two such
mighty monarchs. Neither did I find the Emperor at all displeased; and
I discovered by a certain accident, that he was very glad of my
resolution, and so were most of his ministers.
{P_1|CH_8 ^paragraph 5}
These considerations moved me to hasten my departure somewhat sooner
than I intended; to which the court, impatient to have me gone, very
readily contribt must prove to me to
appear as inconsiderable in this nation as one single Lilliputian
would be among us. But this I conceived was to be the least of my
misfortunes: for as human creatures are observed to be more savage and
cruel in proportion to their bulk, what could I expect but to be a
morsel in the mouth of the first among these enormous barbarians
that should happen to seize me? Undoubtedly philosophers are in the
right when they tell us, that nothing is great or little otherwise
than by comparison. It might have pleased fortune to let the
Lilliputians find some nation, where the people were as diminutive
with respect to them, as they were to me. And who knows but that
even this prodigious race of mortals might be equally overmatched in
some distant part of the world, whereof we have yet no discovery?
{P_2|CH_1 ^paragraph 5}
Scared and confounded as I was, I could not forbear going on with
these reflections, when one of the reapers approaching within ten
yards of the ridge where I lay, made me apprehencuse me for dwelling on these and
the like particulars, which however insignificant they may appear to
grovelling vulgar minds, yet will certainly help a philosopher to
enlarge his thoughts and imagination, and apply them to the benefit of
public as well as private life, which was my sole design in presenting
this and other accounts of my travels to the world; wherein I have
been chiefly studious of truth, without affecting any ornaments of
learning or of style. But the whole scene of this voyage made so
strong an impression on my mind, and is so deeply fixed in my
memory, that in committing it to paper I did not omit one material
circumstance: however, upon a strict review, I blotted out several
passages of less moment which were in my first copy, for fear of being
censured as tedious and trifling, whereof travelers are often, perhaps
not without justice, accused.

P_2|CH_2
CHAPTER II
-
My mistress had a daughter of nine years old, a child of forward
parts for her age, very dextrous at her needle, and skillfases from
Glumdalclitch, while she was carrying me to court.
The Queen giving great allowance for my defectiveness in speaking,
was however surprised at so much wit and good sense in so diminutive
an animal. She took me in her own hand, and carried me to the King,
who was then retired to his cabinet. His Majesty, a prince of much
gravity, and austere countenance, not well observing my shape at first
view, asked the Queen after a cold manner, how long it was since she
grew fond of a splacknuck; for such it seems he took me to be, as I
lay upon my breast in her Majesty's right hand. But this princess, who
has an infinite deal of wit and humor, set me gently on my feet upon
the scrutore, and commanded me to give his Majesty an account of
myself, which I did in a very few words; and Glumdalclitch, who
attended at the cabinet door, and could not endure I should be out
of her sight, being admitted, confirmed all that had passed from my
arrival at her father's house.
The King, although he be as learned a person as ae, and
putting me in the utmost terror of their stings. However I had the
courage to rise and draw my hanger, and attack them in the air. I
dispatched four of them, but the rest got away, and I presently shut
my window. These insects were as large as partridges: I took out their
stings, found them an inch and a half long, and as sharp as needles. I
carefully preserved them all, and having since shown them with some
other curiosities in several parts of Europe, upon my return to
England I gave three of them to Gresham College, and kept the fourth
for myself.

P_2|CH_4
CHAPTER IV
-
I now intend to give the reader a short description of this country,
as far as I traveled in it, which was not above two thousand miles
round Lorbrulgrud, the metropolis. For the Queen, whom I always
attended, never went further when she accompanied the King in his
progresses, and there stayed until his Majesty returned from viewing
his frontiers. The whole extent of this prince's dominions reaches
about six thousand miles in length,s; wherewith I was much disgusted; because, to say the
truth, a very offensive smell came from their skins; which I do not
mention or intend to the disadvantage of those excellent ladies, for
whom I have all manner of respect; but I conceive that my sense was
more acute in proportion to my littleness, and that those
illustrious persons were no more disagreeable to their lovers, or to
each other, than people of the same quality are with us in England.
And, after all, I found their natural smell was much more
supportable than when they used perfumes, under which I immediately
swooned away. I cannot forget that an intimate friend of mine in
Lilliput took the freedom in a warm day, when I had used a good deal
of exercise, to complain of a strong smell about me, although I am
as little faulty that way as most of my sex: but I suppose his faculty
of smelling was as nice with regard to me, as mine was to that of this
people. Upon this point, I cannot forbear doing justice to the Queen
my mistress, and Glumdalclitch ts at court, to
which I was sometimes carried, and set in my box on a table to hear
them; but the noise was so great, that I could hardly distinguish
the tunes. I am confident that all the drums and trumpets of a royal
army, beating and sounding together just at your ears, could not equal
it. My practice was to have my box removed from the places where the
performers sat, as far as I could, then to shut the doors and
windows of it, and draw the window curtains; after which I found their
music not disagreeable.
I had learned in my youth to play a little upon the spinet
Glumdaclitch kept one in her chamber, and a master attended twice a
week to teach her: I call it a spinet, because it somewhat resembled
that instrument. and was played upon in the same manner. A fancy
came into my head that I would entertain the King and Queen with an
English tune upon this instrument. But this appeared extremely
difficult; for the spinet was near sixty feet long, each key being
almost a foot wide, so that, with my arms extendety monarch, although it unfortunately failed of success.
But great allowances should be given to a King who lives wholly
secluded from the rest of the world, and must therefore be
altogether unacquainted with the manners and customs that most prevail
in other nations; the want of which knowledge will ever produce many
prejudices, and a certain narrowness of thinking, from which we and
the politer countries of Europe are wholly exempted. And it would be
hard indeed, if so remote a prince's notions of virtue and vice were
to be offered as a standard for all mankind.
To confirm what I have now said, and further, to show the
miserable effects of a confined education, I shall here insert a
passage which will hardly obtain belief. In hopes to ingratiate myself
farther into his Majesty's favor, I told him of an invention
discovered between three and four hundred years ago, to make a certain
powder, into a heap of which the smallest spark of fire falling, would
kindle the whole in a moment, although it were as big as for ever.
 
Or so it would seem.
 
Two of there strange, ape-like creatures survived.
 
Arthur Dent escaped at the very last moment because an old friend
of his, Ford Prefect, suddenly turned out to be from a small
planet in the vicinity of Betelgeuse and not from Guildford as he
had hitherto claimed; and, more to the point, he knew how to
hitch rides on flying saucers.
 
Tricia McMillian - or Trillian - had skipped the planet six
months earlier with Zaphod Beeblebrox, the then President of the
Galaxy.
 
Two survivors.
 
They are all that remains of the greatest experiment ever
conducted - to find the Ultimate Question and the Ultimate Answer
of Life, the Universe, and Everything.
 
And, less than half a million miles from where their starship is
drifting lazily through the inky blackness of space, a Vogon ship
is moving slowly towards them.
 
=================================================================
Chapter 2
 
Like all Vogon ships it looked as if it had been not so much
designed as congealed. The uhick
force-shield around it blistered, crackled and spat under the
barrage of a dozen 30-Megahurt Definit-Kil Photrazon Cannon, and
looked as if it wouldn't be around for long. Four minutes is how
long Ford Prefect gave it."Three minutes and fifty seconds," he
said a short while later.
 
"Forty-five seconds," he added at the appropriate time. He
flicked idly at some useless switches, then gave Arthur an
unfriendly look.
 
"Dying for a cup of tea, eh?" he said. "Three minutes and forty
seconds."
 
"Will you stop counting!" snarled Zaphod.
 
"Yes," said Ford Prefect, "in three minutes and thirty-five
seconds."
 
Aboard the Vogon ship, Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz was puzzled. He had
expected a chase, he had expected an exciting grapple with
tractor beams, he had expected to have to use the specially
installed Sub-Cyclic Normality Assert-i-Tron to counter the Heart
of Gold's Infinite Improbability Drive, but the Sub-Cyclic
Normality Assert-i-Tron lay idle as the Heart of Gold just sat
there and took it.
 
A dozen 30-Mf this dangerous (to the psychiatric profession)
and subversive (also to the psychiatric profession) experiment to
find the Question to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe,
and Everything, he thought.
 
There would be some celebration with his fellows tonight, and in
the morning they would meet again their unhappy, bewildered and
highly profitable patients, secure in the knowledge that the
Meaning of Life would not now be, once and for all, well and
truly sorted out, he thought.
 
"Family's always embarrassing isn't it?" said Ford to Zaphod as
the smoke began to clear.
 
He paused, then looked about.
 
"Where's Zaphod?" he said.
 
Arthur and Trillian looked about blankly. They were pale and
shaken and didn't know where Zaphod was.
 
"Marvin?" said Ford, "Where's Zaphod?"
 
A moment later he said:
 
"Where's Marvin?"
 
The robot's corner was empty.
 
The ship was utterly silent. It lay in thick black space.
Occasionally it rocked and swayed. Every instrument was dead,
every vision screen was dead. They said Marvin.
 
"Well in that case, if you'll just excuse me ..." Six of the
phones were now ringing. A million things awaited the insect's
attention.
 
"No one can help me," intoned Marvin.
 
"Yes, sir, well ..."
 
"Not that anyone tried of course." The restraining metal hand
fell limply by Marvin's side. His head hung forward very
slightly.
 
"Is that so," said the insect tartly.
 
"Hardly worth anyone's while to help a menial robot is it?"
 
"I'm sorry, sir, if ..."
 
"I mean where's the percentage in being kind or helpful to a
robot if it doesn't have any gratitude circuits?"
 
"And you don't have any?" said the insect, who didn't seem to be
able to drag itself out of this conversation.
 
"I've never had occasion to find out," Marvin informed it.
 
"Listen, you miserable heap of maladjusted metal ..."
 
"Aren't you going to ask me what I want?"
 
The insect paused. Its long thin tongue darted out and licked its
eyes and darted back again.
 
"Is it worth it?" it asked.
 
"Is anything?" said Marvin immediat" said the battle machine, bracing itself.
 
"Nothing," said Marvin.
 
There was a dangerous pause.
 
"Nothing?" roared the battle machine.
 
"Nothing at all," intoned Marvin dismally, "not an electronic
sausage."
 
The machine heaved about with fury.
 
"Well, doesn't that just take the biscuit!" it roared, "Nothing,
eh? Just don't think, do they?"
 
"And me," said Marvin in a soft low voice, "with this terrible
pain in all the diodes down my left side."
 
"Makes you spit, doesn't it?"
 
"Yes," agreed Marvin with feeling.
 
"Hell that makes me angry," bellowed the machine, "think I'll
smash that wall down!"
 
The electron ram stabbed out another searing blaze of light and
took out the wall next to the machine.
 
"How do you think I feel?" said Marvin bitterly.
 
"Just ran off and left you, did they?" the machine thundered.
 
"Yes," said Marvin.
 
"I think I'll shoot down their bloody ceiling as well!" raged the
tank.
 
It took out the ceiling of the bridge.
 
"That's very impressive," murmured Marvin.
 
"You  and his blood seemed to turn to liquid
helium.
 
"Hey, what was that?" he muttered voicelessly.
 
"A recording," said Gargravarr, "of the last man who was put in
the Vortex. It is always played to the next victim. A sort of
prelude."
 
"Hey, it really sounds bad ..." stammered Zaphod, "couldn't we
maybe slope off to a party or something for a while, think it
over?"
 
"For all I know," said Gargravarr's ethereal voice, "I'm probably
at one. My body that is. It goes to a lot of parties without me.
Says I only get in the way. Hey ho."
 
"What is all this with your body?" said Zaphod, anxious to delay
whatever it was that was going to happen to him.
 
"Well, it's ... it's busy you know," said Gargravarr hesitantly.
 
"You mean it's got a mind of its own?" said Zaphod.
 
There was a long and slightly chilly pause before Gargravarr
spoke again.
 
"I have to say," he replied eventually, "that I find that remark
in rather poor taste."
 
Zaphod muttered a bewildered and embarrassed apology.
 
"No matter," said Gargra"we knew each other well."
 
"I had no taste," said Zaphod and resumed a sullen silence.
 
"Meanwhile, you and I arranged that you would steal the
Improbability Drive ship - the only one which could reach the
ruler's world - and bring it to me here. This you have now done I
trust, and I congratulate you." He smiled a tight little smile
which Zaphod wanted to hit with a brick.
 
"Oh, and in case you were wondering," added Zarniwoop, "this
Universe was created specifically for you to come to. You are
therefore the most important person in this Universe. You would
never," he said with an even more brickable smile, "have survived
the Total Perspective Vortex in the real one. Shall we go?"
 
"Where?" said Zaphod sullenly. He felt collapsed.
 
"To your ship. The Heart of Gold. You did bring it I trust?"
 
"No."
 
"Where is your jacket?"
 
Zaphod looked at him in mystification.
 
"My jacket? I took it off. It's outside."
 
"Good, we will go and find it."
 
Zarniwoop stood up and gestured to Zaphod to follow him.
 
O each a party of exotic creatures chatting amongst themselves
and studying menus.
 
"People like to dress up for it," continued Zaphod, "Gives it a
sense of occasion."
 
The tables were fanned out in a large circle around a central
stage area where a small band were playing light music, at least
a thousand tables was Arthur's guess, and interspersed amongst
them were swaying palms, hissing fountains, grotesque statuary,
in short all the paraphernalia common to all Restaurants where
little expense has been spared to give the impression that no
expense has been spared. Arthur glanced around, half expecting to
see someone making an American Express commercial.
 
Zaphod lurched into Ford, who lurched back into Zaphod.
 
"Wowee," said Zaphod.
 
"Zappo," said Ford.
 
"My great granddaddy must have really screwed up the computer's
works, you know," said Zaphod, "I told it to take us to the
nearest place to eat and it sends us to the End of the Universe.
Remind me to be nice to it one day."
 
He paused.
 
"Hey, every at the extremity of time. All there
was was the endless repetition of the final moment, as the
Restaurant rocked slowly forward over the brink of time's
furthest edge - and back again. This "night" was good though, the
audience was writhing in the palm of his sickly hand. His voice
dropped. They had to strain to hear him.
 
"This," he said, "really is the absolute end, the final chilling
desolation, in which the whole majestic sweep of creation becomes
extinct. This ladies and gentlemen is the proverbial `it'."
 
He dropped his voice still lower. In the stillness, a fly would
not have dared cleat its throat.
 
"After this," he said, "there is nothing. Void. Emptiness.
Oblivion. Absolute nothing ..."
 
His eyes glittered again - or did they twinkle?"
 
"Nothing ... except of course for the sweet trolley, and a fine
selection of Aldebaran liqueurs!"
 
The band gave him a musical sting. He wished they wouldn't, he
didn't need it, not an artist of his calibre. He could play the
audience like his own musical instare-riding is one of the most exotic and exhilarating sports in
existence, and those who can dare and afford it are amongst the
most lionized men in the Galaxy. It is also of course
stupefyingly dangerous - those who don't die riding invariably
die of sexual exhaustion at one of the Daedalus Club's Apres-
Flare parties.
 
Ford and Zaphod looked and passed on.
 
"And this baby," said Ford, "the tangerine star buggy with the
black sunbusters ..."
 
Again, the star buggy was a small ship - a totally misnamed one
in fact, because the one thing it couldn't manage was
interstellar distances. Basically it was a sporty planet hopper
dolled up to something it wasn't. Nice lines though. They passed
on.
 
The next one was a big one and thirty yards long - a coach built
limoship and obviously designed with one aim in mind, that of
making the beholder sick with envy. The paintwork and accessory
detail clearly said "Not only am I rich enough to afford this
ship, I am also rich enough not to take it seriously." It was
wondegnore him," said Zaphod, "he's only making it up."
 
"Making it up?" said Marvin, swivelling his head in a parody of
astonishment, "Why should I want to make anything up? Life's bad
enough as it is without wanting to invent any more of it."
 
"Marvin," said Trillian in the gentle, kindly voice that only she
was still capable of assuming in talking to this misbegotten
creature, "if you knew all along, why then didn't you tell us?"
 
Marvin's head swivelled back to her.
 
"You didn't ask," he said simply.
 
"Well, we're asking you now, metal man," said Ford, turning round
to look at him.
 
At that moment the ship suddenly stopped rocking and swaying, the
engine pitch settled down to a gentle hum.
 
"Hey, Ford," said Zaphod, "that sounds good. Have you worked out
the controls of this boat?"
 
"No," said Ford, "I just stopped fiddling with them. I reckon we
just go to wherever this ship is going and get off it fast."
 
"Yeah, right," said Zaphod.
 
"I could tell you weren't really interested," murmured Marvin to you think they're ..."
 
"Where they are, how they are, there's no way we can know and no
way we can do anything about it. Do what I do."
 
"What?"
 
"Don't think about it."
 
Arthur turned this thought over in his mind, reluctantly saw the
wisdom of it, tucked it up and put it away. He took a deep
breath.
 
"Footsteps!" exclaimed Ford suddenly.
 
"Where?"
 
"That noise. That stomping throb. Pounding feet. Listen!"
 
Arthur listened. The noise echoed round the corridor at them from
an indeterminate distance. It was the muffled sound of pounding
footsteps, and it was noticeably louder.
 
"Let's move," said Ford sharply. They both moved - in opposite
directions.
 
"Not that way," said Ford, "that's where they're coming from."
 
"No it's not," said Arthur, "They're coming from that way."
 
"They're not, they're ..."
 
They both stopped. They both turned. They both listened intently.
They both agreed with each other. They both set off into opposite
directions again.
 
Fear gripped them.
 
From both directions th Captain, "we're just
one of the ships in the Ark Fleet. We're the `B' Ark you see.
Sorry, could I just ask you to run a bit more hot water for me?"
 
Arthur obliged, and a cascade of pink frothy water swirled around
the bath. The Captain let out a sigh of pleasure.
 
"Thank you so much my dear fellow. Do help yourselves to more
drinks of course."
 
Ford tossed down his drink, took the bottle from the first
officer's tray and refilled his glass to the top.
 
"What," he said, "is a `B' Ark?"
 
"This is," said the Captain, and swished the foamy water around
joyfully with the duck.
 
"Yes," said Ford, "but ..."
 
"Well what happened you see was," said the Captain, "our planet,
the world from which we have come, was, so to speak, doomed."
 
"Doomed?"
 
"Oh yes. So what everyone thought was, let's pack the whole
population into some giant spaceships and go and settle on
another planet."
 
Having told this much of his story, he settled back with a
satisfied grunt.
 
"You mean a less doomed one?" promoted Arthur.
  ways of bringing them together.
He tried holding the pencil under the paper, then over the paper,
then next to the paper. He tried wrapping the paper round the
pencil, he tried rubbing the stubby end of the pencil against the
paper and then he tried rubbing the sharp end of the pencil
against the paper. It made a mark, and he was delighted with the
discovery, as he was every day. He picked up another piece of
paper from the table. This had a crossword on it. He studied it
briefly and filled in a couple of clues before losing interest.
 
He tried sitting on one of his hands and was intrigued by the
feel of the bones of his hip.
 
"Fish come from far away," he said, "or so I'm told. Or so I
imagine I'm told. When the men come, or when in my mind the men
come in their six black ships, do they come in your mind too?
What do you see pussy?"
 
He looked at the cat, which was more concerned with getting the
fish down as rapidly as possible than it was with these
speculations.
 
"And when I hear their questions, do ntryside far and wide for a hot spring, preferably one in a
nice leafy glade, and if it was near a soap mine - perfection. To
those who said that they had a feeling soap wasn't found in
mines, the Captain had ventured to suggest that perhaps that was
because no one had looked hard enough, and this possibility had
been reluctantly acknowledged.
 
No, life was very pleasant, and the greatest thing about it was
that when the hot spring was found, complete with leafy glade en
suite, and when in the fullness of time the cry came
reverberating across the hills that the soap mine had been
located and was producing five hundred cakes a day it would be
more pleasant still. It was very important to have things to look
forward to.
 
Wail, wail, screech, wail, howl, honk, squeak went the bagpipes,
increasing the Captain's already considerable pleasure at the
thought that any moment now they might stop. That was something
he looked forward to as well.
 
What else was pleasant, he asked himself? Well, so many things:
the r been laid
out in a clear straight line.
 
They spelt two words.
 
The words were these:
 
"Forty-Two."
 
"Grrrurgh guh guh," explained the native. He swept the letters
angrily away and went and mooched under a nearby tree with his
colleague.
 
Ford and Arthur stared at him. Then they stared at each other.
 
"Did that say what I thought it said?" they both said to each
other.
 
"Yes," they both said.
 
"Forty-two," said Arthur.
 
"Forty-two," said Ford.
 
Arthur ran over to the two natives.
 
"What are you trying to tell us?" he shouted. "What's it supposed
to mean?"
 
One of them rolled over on the ground, kicked his legs up in the
air, rolled over again and went to sleep.
 
The other bounded up the tree and threw horse chestnuts at Ford
Prefect. Whatever it was they had to say, they had already said
it.
 
"You know what this means," said Ford.
 
"Not entirely."
 
"Forty-two is the number Deep Thought gave as being the Ultimate
Answer."
 
"Yes."
 
And the Earth is the computer Deep Thought designed and builtomething from the
book."
 
"What book?"
 
Arthur paused.
 
"The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy," he said at last.
 
"What's that?"
 
"Oh, just something I threw into the river this evening. I don't
think I'll be wanting it any more," said Arthur Dent.